System.CommandLine documentation (#28072)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/commandline/define-commands.md

## Define arguments

[Arguments](syntax.md#arguments) are defined and added to commands like options. The following example is like the options example, but it defines arguments instead of options:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/define-commands/csharp/Program2.cs" id="definearguments" :::

Here's an example of command-line input and the resulting output for the preceding example code:

```console
myapp 42 "Hello world!"
```

```output
<delay> argument = 42
<message> argument = Hello world!
```

An argument that is defined without a default value, such as `messageArgument` in the preceding example, is treated as a required argument.  An error message is displayed, and the command handler isn't called, if a required argument isn't provided.

## Define aliases

Both commands and options support [aliases](syntax.md#aliases). You can add an alias to an option by calling `AddAlias`:

```csharp
var option = new Option("--framework");
option.AddAlias("-f");
```

Given this alias, the following command lines are equivalent:

```console
myapp -f net6.0
myapp --framework net6.0
```

Command aliases work the same way.

```csharp
var command = new Command("serialize");

> command.AddAlias("serialise");

Reviewer: Lovely example

```

This code makes the following command lines equivalent:

```console
myapp serialize
myapp serialise
```

We recommend that you minimize the number of option aliases that you define, and avoid defining certain aliases in particular. For more information, see [Short-form aliases](syntax.md#short-form-aliases).

## Required options

To make an option required, set its `IsRequired` property to `true`, as shown in the following example:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/define-commands/csharp/Program2.cs" id="requiredoption" :::

The options section of the command help indicates the option is required:

```output
Options:
  --endpoint <uri> (REQUIRED)
  --version               Show version information
  -?, -h, --help          Show help and usage information
```

If the command line for this example app doesn't include `--endpoint`, an error message is displayed and the command handler isn't called:

```output
Option '--endpoint' is required.
```

> ## Hidden commands, options, and arguments

Reviewer: Somewhere lets add why you would do this:

The most common reason to do this is to continue to support a feature you would like to deprecate. It can also be used for admin or preview features.

To prevent a command, option, or argument from being discoverable by using tab completion or help, set its `IsHidden` property to true, as in the following example:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/define-commands/csharp/Program2.cs" id="hiddenoption" :::

The options section of this example's command help omits the `--endpoint` option.

```output
Options:
  --version               Show version information
  -?, -h, --help          Show help and usage information
```

## Multiple arguments

> By default, you can repeat the option name to specify multiple arguments for an option that has maximum [arity](syntax.md#argument-arity) greater than one.

Reviewer: Can we start this with something about calling the CLI

```suggestion
By default, when you call a command you can repeat an option name to specify multiple arguments for an option that has maximum [arity](syntax.md#argument-arity) greater than one.
```

```console
myapp --items one --items two --items three
```

To allow multiple arguments without repeating the option name, set `Option.AllowMultipleArgumentsPerToken` to `true`. This setting lets you enter the following command line.

```console
myapp --items one two three
```

> The same setting has a different effect if maximum argument arity is 1. It allows you to repeat an option but takes only the last value on the line. In the following example, the value `three` would be passed to the app.

Reviewer: @jonsequitur Is this in the Posix standard, or is otherwise a good idea? (SCL, not docs question)

Reviewer 2: Yes. For maximum arity 1, it's a POSIX convention to allow a repeated option to override the value. 

`myapp --items one two three` for applying `one`, `two`, and `three` to a single option would be surprising for many people used to POSIX conventions, which is why it is no longer the default.

```console
myapp --item one --item two --item three
```

> ## List valid argument values

Reviewer: Shall we add something along the lines of: 

If your list of values is contained in an enum, you can just use the enum as the type of the option to get similar support.

To specify a list of valid values for an option or argument, use `FromAmong`, as shown in the following example:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/define-commands/csharp/Program2.cs" id="staticlist" :::

Here's an example of command-line input and the resulting output for the preceding example code:

```console
myapp --language not-a-language
```

```output
Argument 'not-a-language' not recognized. Must be one of:
        'csharp'

>         'fsharp'

Reviewer: If you take my advice to add VB, add it here too
